Update trait-definitions.md (#40)
paritytech/ink-docs: docs/basics/trait-definitions.md

    /// We somehow cannot put the trait in the doc-test crate root due to bugs.
    #[ink_lang::trait_definition]
    pub trait Erc20 {

>         // Constructor of a new ERC-20 compliant smart contract using the initial supply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        /// Constructs a new ERC-20 compliant smart contract using the initial supply.
```
